[smiles]
Ha! Magical Girl Shiorin!
Episode 27
"A New Ally"!
[SHIORI] Thank you.
I'll do better.
[AKINA]
It appears this old Demon Lord
still has some work to do.
[birds chirping]
[HAYAKAWA]
I want to introduce you
to the newest member
of our team, A. Kina.
Hello!
He'll be here to help you
with anything you need.
Even with my broken
magic compact?
[HAYAKAWA]
You broke it again?
I'm on it.
Good as new!
Oh, wow!
How did we get someone
as talented as him on staff?
I don't know. He said
he peaked at this old job.
Now he wants to give back
to society.
What? What job was that?
Was he like a CEO?
[laughs]
Yoo-Hoo!
Anybody around?
Can't you knock?
And why in the world
are you wearing a lab coat?
Because I'm working
with the magical girl now.
Why would you be working
with the enemy?
I've been gathering
important Intel,
things that can give you
the edge you need.
That's really helpful!
[SHINOZAKI]
It's brilliant!
Now my mentor can find
all my enemy's
weaknesses for me!
And I've already found
something.
[SHINOZAKI]
What did you manage to uncover?
She values loyalty in a man.
How is that relevant to my job
as Demon Lord?
Should I not have told you?
No, of course you should have!
I'm incredibly grateful!
[SHIORI]
To be continued! Maybe!
[PRESIDENT] This year
we're celebrating
our company's
40th anniversary.
A milestone only made possible
by all of you.
Thank you!
[crowd applauds]
And we have more good news.
This year's new hire contest!
[crowd applauds]
Wait, a new hire contest?
It's a office-wide competition
between all the employees
in their first year.
Oh.
You know our manager
won the competition
in his first year
at the company.
His proposal got him named
MVP, too!
It went on to be produced
and became a huge hit.
Don't you think
that's so impressive?
Actually, I feel kinda bad
for the other rookies.
That said,
you really are an incredible
person, huh, Manager.
Well, I wouldn't say that.
Nah, I would!
-[laughs]
-Ugh!
[PRESIDENT] Here's this
year's theme for the contest!
[WALL WORKERS]
Wooow!
[PRESIDENT]
This year's prize
for the most promising
new hire
and the department
they work in is
an all-expenses paid trip
to a luxury resort
in beautiful,
sunny southern Okinawa!
[WALLA WORKERS]
Aah!
[SHINOZAKI]
That's some prize.
If we won, I wonder.
[SHIORI]
We're celebrating
so I picked up
this new swimsuit.
Now tell me,
what do you think, huh?
-Senpai...
-Huh.
we're gonna win this for sure!
[SHIORI]
Yeah, that's the spirit!
I'm going to have to
stay on top
of my regular duties, though.
Oh, I can manage
your task balance!
Of course. I'll help you
in any way I can!
Hayakawa as well.
Well, I guess I don't mind.
With all of us behind you
we'll work hard
and win that award!
Senpai,
I won't let you down!
I promise you.
I'll win us that trip!
Yeah!
Oh.
So that's why
you're so fired up today.
I gotta win this
for my department!
Problem is,
I still haven't nailed down
an idea for my proposal.
How about you?
I'm giving the whole thing
a big 'ol pass.
Really? What about
the luxury resort!
Total deal-breaker.
Dude, think about who
I'm stuck with every day in PR.
Could you help me?
Pretty please?
Nah, I'm good.
-Honeybee.
-Teddy Bear.
Ew.
Any more time with them
sounds like a nightmare.
[SHINOZAKI]
That's rough, dude.
If only I too had hit
the workplace jackpot.
[YUUSUKE]
You got a five-star senpai
and a five-star boss
on your first pull.
[SHINOZAKI]
Don't talk about my coworkers
like they're gacha characters.
I should contact a job agent.
Maybe I can get a reset
on my pull?
[HAYAKAWA] I'm telling you,
the taste was
-out of this world.
-Well, speak of the devil.
It's your five-star senpai.
[HAYAKAWA]
They don't give you a limit!
-[smiles]
- [YAMAGISHI] No way!
[HAYAKAWA]
And it's such a cute place.
[screaming]
We started at the same time
and make the same
amount of money,
but your life has some kinda
super-charged RNG!
If I had a senpai like yours,
I'd be willing to work
Monday through Friday,
nine hours a day
minus one hour for lunch,
and take minimal bathroom
breaks throughout!
[SHINOZAKI] That's what you're
supposed to be doing now.
Okay, be real. How are
things going, Zakishino?
How's what going?
[YUUSUKE]
Don't play dumb, man.
How are things
with you and Katase?
She came to your house, right?
And she took care of you
when you were out sick.
You even went on
a trip together recently,
so spill! Come on!
-Tell me!
-Well.
♪
Things are the same.
But how? Dude, for real?
You feel nothing when you look
at those ginormous jugs?
You shouldn't talk
about breasts at work!
Well, I mean.
I can't say
that I've felt nothing.
You mean
the deed has been done?
Give him back! Give me
back my pure Zakishino!
[SHINOZAKI]
Knock it off! I'm still pure!
Ah. Huh?
Five minutes left.
Finish your lunch.
[YUUSUKE]
Oh, hi. Kurusu, right?
-Thanks.
-Mm-hmm.
Akari Kurusu
from Dev Group One?
Watch your back.
She's a killer.
Huh?
[YUUSUKE] You know
the Group One chief, right,
super by-the-books
and charismatic?
That's who hand-picked her
as their rising star!
Kurusu, hands down,
has the hottest rep
out of anyone who got hired
the same year as us.
She's been making big waves,
and she's the favorite to win
the most promising
new hire contest.
[KURUSU]
Time is a valuable resource
that should be used
productively.
Not wasted on idle chit-chat.
[BOTH] She sounds like
a living employee handbook!
By the way, I heard
all your comments on breasts.
[both gasping]
[KURUSU]
That's harassment.
[BOTH]
She's right, it is.
Except it doesn't count
with him and his Senpai
'cause they're madly in love
with each other.
What the heck are you doing?
I see.
So it's worse.
Because she's exploiting him
using their power dynamic.
-Senpai would never!
-Easy there, Zakishino.
Let me handle this one for ya.
[YUUSUKE]
It can't be abuse, okay?
-[smiles]
-Because those two are dating!
[SHINOZAKI]
That is not true!
Office romance?
That's unwise.
This company isn't
a matchmaking service.
And yet, according
to multiple surveys,
more than a quarter
of all married couples
met their partners
at the workplace.
It's no big deal.
[grins]
[laughs]
[laughter]
Hey, we're all friends here.
[TAKATSUKASA] Kurusu.
[ALL] Huh?
This is rare.
You never hang out
in the break room.
Director Takatsu-kasa.
Hmm. My apologies, ma'am.
I'll make up any time
I've wasted.
Oh, don't worry about that.
You still have time
on your break.
It's not about your mistakes,
it's how you handle them.
They're the fuel
that will carry you
to the next stage
of your career.
Got it!
If you told me that woman
was a superhuman,
I wouldn't question you
for a second.
-Look, she's glowing!
-Hmm?
[TAKATSUKASA] You're Shinozaki
from Dev Group Two, right?
-Yes.
-I make a point
to keep tabs
on Group Two's hires.
Your manager and I were rivals
back in the day.
I had no idea.
Then that would mean.
Don't you think
that's so impressive?
I feel kinda bad
for the other rookies.
[grins]
[SHINOZAKI]
She's who I felt bad for!
-Something wrong?
-Nope, everything's fine!
[TAKATSUKASA] Akina and I
joined the company
at the same time, and we've
been spurring each other
forward ever since.
Even though he's the one
who always came out on top,
his proposal that year
was amazing.
Then the product
became a huge hit.
And ever since,
I've had my hands full
just trying to catch up to him.
But now, I've made history
with how far I've come here,
and he's gotten comfortable
with not making waves
But I remember those times.
We were at the top of our game,
always pushing each other
to reach our full potential.
And now I've realized
to help me grow, I need him!
[SHINOZAKI]
Huh?
[TAKATSUKASA] So I went
to the president with a plan.
[PRESIDENT]
Very well then.
If Kurusu can win the most
promising new hire contest,
I will consider transferring
Akina to your department.
[SHINOZAKI]
Uh!
So, I'm not trying to win
a trip anymore.
I'm trying to keep my manager!
So, he's a damsel in distress.
You're doing the opposite
of helping!
I thought
that it might be unfair
if you didn't know the stakes
you were playing for.
Although,
there's no chance you'll win,
so don't feel too torn up.
Let's get going, Kurusu.
-[KURUSU] Right.
-Hold on a second!
I don't care
if you think you need him.
I won't let him go.
I'm going to win that contest.
Oh. I know that look.
You're ready
for the next stage.
[giggles]
However.
I will never be beaten.
Not by anybody.
This victory is as good
as mine.
Uh.
[chuckles]
And it's the first of many,
because we're aiming
for even greater heights.
Hmph.
Hmm.
Dude, it got so real, they made
a breeze come out of nowhere.
Yeah.
[ISHIYAMA]
I couldn't agree more!
That was fantastic, Shinozaki!
A powerful display
of subordinates
engaged in heated battle
on behalf of their bosses!
What a sight to behold.
You should fight, too.
Do it for me, bro!
Even if I cared, I still can't
because no one wants you.
Hot dog!
What a wild turn of events!
I'm so excited!
[YUUSUKE]
Did you hear a word I said?
A battle over me!
-[YUUSUKE] No one said that.
-Godspeed out there.
[SHINOZAKI]
No matter how impossible,
I can't lose this contest!
Manager, can I talk to you
about something important?
[AKINA]
Well, would you look at that!
My tea stalk is standing up!
Oh, they say that that's a sign
of good luck, y'know!
I would hope so!
Maybe we should do this
more often?
I'd love that!
[SHINOZAKI]
They're so oblivious.
[SHIORI] My Tiny Senpai
will be right back after this.
I hope that you'll play with me
a whole lot!
[WALLA KIDS] Okay!
[SHINOZAKI] Okay!
♪
[WALLA KIDS]
There are so many!
All right kids,
be sure to thank
these nice people for bringing
in all these toys for us!
[WALLA KIDS]
Thank you very much!
-This one's my favorite.
-Me too!
[AKINA]
We can all go together.
[GIRL 10F]
Draw me a Kyapicure, please!
-[HAYAKAWA] All right.
-I want Meowjiro!
Well, sure thing!
-Do one riding a bike!
-Coming right up!
The kids look like they're
all having an awesome time!
You're right!
I had no idea that we oversaw
product tests like this.
It's a pretty big part
of how we learn
what adjustments to make.
But we don't get to do this
very often,
so be sure to pay attention.
It might help you with
your project for the contest.
Will do!
[SHINOZAKI]
The contest.
What'll you do?
Uh.
Well, I wouldn't want
to make her worry.
I ended up not telling her
or Manager about the wager yet.
I have to say, though.
[GIRL 10H]
Play with me! Play with me!
[SHIORI]
What game should we play?
[SHINOZAKI]
She's a natural mother!
The kids are drawn to her
so effortlessly.
She's down right Madonna-like!
But it's more than that.
Hey, Honey.
Tell me about your day.
[SHINOZAKI]
Her wife factor.
Peak!
-Do your job.
-I know! I'm doing it, okay?
[SHINOZAKI] So, what do you
guys wanna play now?
[BOY 10D]
I'll think of what to play!
[SHIORI] He broke the ice
like it was nothing.
That's Shinozaki for you.
My capable kohai.
There's something else though?
He's so paternal!
Look at all the smiles
on those kids.
It's like he's some kind of
super-dad!
But it's more than just that.
Welcome home, hun.
[SHIORI]
His husband factor.
Peak!
Ah!
Aah! Oh hey, kids!
So, what do you want
to play next?
Stop pulling on
Meowtaro's head, Tomo!
You're gonna hurt him
if you don't let go!
You let go of him first, Marin!
[SHIORI]
Hey, play nice.
There's enough
for everybody here!
Look, see! This one's for you.
I don't wanna play
with some stupid doll.
It's just that she's always
playing by herself
instead of with everyone.
You noticed that, huh?
-You should play with her.
-[blushing]
She's not my girlfriend,
all right!
[SHINOZAKI]
Uh...
[MARIN]
Does it still hurt, Meowtaro?
There, there.
Everything's fine.
He's all better now.
Is it normal for you
to play all by yourself?
Uh-huh.
But the dolls are my friends
and we have
a whole bunch of them!
Oh, wow!
You know, we'd like
to play with you too
if you're okay with that.
Ah!
I want to play house together!
[SHIORI]
Well, that was quick.
-Uh...
-You can be the daddy, okay?
[SHIORI] If Shinozaki
is the daddy, then.
Uh. And you can be.
[SHIORI] Oh boy,
I see where this is going!
You can be the mommy!
Is that really what you want?
Yep! He can be the daddy
and you can be the mommy!
I know this is just pretend,
but he's my kohai.
No that's wrong!
Mommy doesn't call
daddy kohai, just Daddy!
Okay. I guess that's true.
We're her parents.
Yes, her parents.
Yay! Daddy! Mommy!
[blushing]
[SHIORI] It's like
looking into the future!
But I mustn't!
This is for the child,
not living out my fantasies.
What can you be?
The kitty cat!
Huh?
You be the kitty
and I can be the mommy!
[SHIORI] No fair,
I wanted to be the mommy.
[SHINOZAKI]
I guess everyone can see
just how cat-like Senpai is.
[SHIORI]
The cat?
I mean, sure pets
are a member of the family
but why am I an animal
and not a person?
Daddy, it's time
to sit down and eat!
-Oh.
-[meow]
[MARIN]
That's a good kitty.
Is kitty hungry for treats?
Meow.
Okay then.
You gotta sit
on Daddy's lap first.
[SHIORI] Wait, what?
I have to sit on Daddy's lap?
But daddy's lap is my kohai's!
[meows]
-[meows]
-[chuckles]
[MARIN]
That's wrong!
You have to sit for real!
Or lay on it if you want to.
[SHIORI] Like actually
lie down in his lap?
My Kohai's lap?
That definitely constitutes
sexual harassment
and an abuse of my authority!
But then,
the child is in charge
when you're playing house
so, it's fine?
[blushes and gasps]
[meows]
[SHINOZAKI]
Um, Senpai?
That's a good kitty,
you get all the pats.
Daddy, you need
to give kitty pats too.
[gasps] I have to pat her
while she's on my lap?
[SHIORI] But we're
surrounded by children
in broad daylight. We can't
do that kind of PDA!
[SHINOZAKI] Then again,
Senpai is a cat right now.
[SHIORI]
But then, I am a cat right now.
-Ah...
-Um...
[SHINOZAKI]
Um. That's a good kitty.
[SHIORI]
You know, now that I'm here,
life as a cat seems
like it'd be nice.
Okay, your num-nums are
over here when you're ready.
[SHIORI] I'm a cat.
I'm eating off the floor,
because I'm a cat.
[SHINOZAKI] Senpai is really
committing to the bit,
isn't she?
It's meowth-watering.
We're done eating so let's have
a picnic in the sandbox!
Meow!
There's a shark
inside the castle
so we have to be extra careful.
That's a dangerous picnic.
We'll have to keep
our eyes out, Mommy.
-Huh?
-No, I'm Mommy!
You're right. Sorry!
Please forgive me!
[SHIORI] Oh Shinozaki,
you can't do that to me.
[all gasping]
But, Daddy, me and the cat
worked hard on that.
He's not a daddy, and she's
not a cat, she's a girl!
And there's no sharks!
Y'mean you heard all of that?
-Have you been watching us?
-Nuh-uh! I... That's dumb!
Who would spy on her?
Hmph.
-[SHINOZAKI] Listen Tomo!
-Huh?
-[gasps]
-He's just a kid!
If you like someone,
you should be nice to them.
Uh?
[Shinokazi smiles]
-Hmm?
-Sorry.
Are you still mad at me?
Uh, huh.
I really am sorry, you know.
Let's fix it,
and then can I play
with you afterwards?
[MARIN]
I guess that's okay.
[all smile]
Alrighty then, Marin.
So who will Tomo be
in our game?
Tomo can be, the shark.
[ALL]
The shark?
Yep, Tomo has to be the shark.
He's mean and I hate sharks.
I'm the shark
and you hate the shark?
[screaming]
Bye-bye, lady!
Thank you for the picture!
[GIRL 10K]
Come back, okay?
Bye-bye!
See ya!
How fun.
All those energetic kiddos!
You could say that.
I'm so burned out, I don't even
want to hold a pencil anymore.
[laughs]
[AKINA] You were quite popular!
Our superstar artist!
[laughter]
-How do you feel, Shinozaki?
-Huh?
About today?
You think it'll help
with your proposal?
Yeah, actually. I don't have
a solid idea yet,
but I'm beginning to get there.
It'll be tough,
but I know I can do it.
I'll win this!
[laughs]
That's the spirit!
Oh, by the way,
do you think Marin and Tomo
will be all right?
I don't see any reason
they wouldn't be.
They'd already made up
by the time we left.
So I wouldn't worry.
That's reassuring.
Ah...
If you like someone,
you should be nice to them.
[SHIORI] That was a really
sweet thing for him to say.
Now that I think about it,
Shinozaki's always going out
of his way to be nice to me.
Having trouble with that cap?
I'll get it for you.
Uh!
Are you too hot?
How about I turn on the AC?
Ah!
[SHIORI] He's never
not been nice to me! Ever!
[SHINOZAKI]
Hey! Senpai?
Are you feeling okay?
Do you need anything?
[SHIORI]
No, I'm fine. It's fine.
[SHINOZAKI]
Here, use my handkerchief!